:children_crossing: Cleanup emails templates (#318)
nicmarti/cfp-devoxx: app/views/Mails/acceptrefuse/sendProposalApproved.scala.txt

Bonjour,

Nous avons le plaisir de vous informer que la présentation [@proposal.title] (@Messages(proposal.talkType.id))
a été acceptée pour @Messages("longYearlyName") !

Comment valider ou non votre participation ?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Attention, vous ne disposez que de quelques jours pour accepter les conditions générales et valider votre
présence à @Messages("longYearlyName") .

Merci de valider dès maintenant en suivant ce lien dans votre navigateur :

 @ConferenceDescriptor.current().conferenceUrls.cfpURL@routes.ApproveOrRefuse.showAcceptTerms()

Vous serez ensuite amené à accepter ou refuser votre(vos) présentation(s).

Un doute ? Une question ?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Si vous ne pouvez pas nous confirmer rapidement, si vous avez des questions merci de revenir vers nous au plus vite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Si vous ne pouvez pas nous confirmer rapidement, ou si vous avez des questions merci de revenir vers nous au plus vite.
```

> Ce format de présentation à @Messages("longYearlyName") ne donne <strong>pas de badge speaker</strong>. Vous devez

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ce format de présentation à @Messages("longYearlyName") ne donne <strong>pas droit à un badge Speaker</strong>. Vous devez
```

acheter une place à la conférence pour participer, si vous ne disposez pas, par ailleurs, d'un ticket.
La conférence étant complète, vous pouvez encore vous inscrire via le lien suivant unique (et lié à votre soumission de sujet) :

  https://reg.devoxx.fr/speakers/welcome/@proposal.id/@email

} else {

> Ce type de présentation donne droit à un badge speaker (dans la limite de 2 badges par proposition), et vous permettra d'accéder à l'ensemble de la conférence, ainsi qu'au diner des speakers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ce type de présentation donne droit à un badge Speaker (dans la limite de 2 badges par proposition), et vous permettra d'accéder à l'ensemble de la conférence, ainsi qu'au diner des speakers.
```

Vous n'avez pas à vous inscrire, votre badge Speaker sera préparé pour vous à l'entrée de la conférence. Ce badge est valable pour les 3 jours de la conférence.
Le diner speaker aura lieu le mercredi soir. Nous vous tiendrons informé par email quelques jours avant l'évènement.
}

L'équipe @Messages("longYearlyName")

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
}

> Hi,
> 
> We're glad to inform you that your proposal @proposal.title (@Messages(proposal.talkType.id)) has been accepted for @Messages("longYearlyName")!
> 
> How to validate or not your participation?
> ---------------------
> Note that you only have a few days to accept the terms and conditions and confirm your presence at @Messages("longYearlyName").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi,

We are pleased to inform you that your proposal @proposal.title (@Messages(proposal.talkType.id)) has been accepted for @Messages("longYearlyName")!

How do I confirm my participation or not?
---------------------
Remember that you only have a few days to accept the terms and conditions and confirm your presence at @Messages("longYearlyName").
```

Please validate now by following this link in your browser:

  @ConferenceDescriptor.current().conferenceUrls.cfpURL@routes.ApproveOrRefuse.showAcceptTerms()

> You will then have to accept or refuse your presentation(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will then have to accept or decline your presentation(s).
```

 A doubt? A question?
 ------------------------------------
 If you can’t confirm quickly, if you have any questions, please come back to us as soon as possible.

>  Do not reply to this email, but use the interface to exchange with the committee:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Do not reply to this email, but use the interface to communicate with the committee:
```

  @ConferenceDescriptor.current().conferenceUrls.cfpURL@routes.CallForPaper.showCommentForProposal(proposal.id)

@if(!ConferenceDescriptor.ConferenceProposalConfigurations.doesItGivesSpeakerFreeEntrance(proposal.talkType)) {

> Attention, this presentation format for @Messages("longYearlyName") does not give a speaker badge. You must buy a seat at the conference to participate, if you do not have a ticket.
> 
> The conference being full, you can still register via the following unique link (and linked to your proposal):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this presentation format for @Messages("longYearlyName") does not provide a Speaker badge. You will need to purchase a seat at the conference to attend, if you do not have a ticket.

Since the conference is full, you can still register using the following unique link (linked to your proposal):
```

  https://reg.devoxx.fr/speakers/welcome/@proposal.id/@email
} else {
This type of presentation entitles you to a speaker badge (up to 2 badges per proposal), and will allow you to access the entire conference, as well as the speakers dinner.

> You do not have to register, your Speaker badge will be prepared for you at the entrance of the conference. This badge is valid for 3 days of the conference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not need to register, your Speaker badge will be waiting for you at the entrance of the conference. This badge is valid for 3 days of the conference.
```

> The speakers dinner will take place on Wednesday evening. We will keep you informed by email a few days before the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Speakers Dinner will be held on Wednesday evening. We will keep you informed by email a few days before the event.
```
